dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0001.severity = warning    # MS Build project file could not be located
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0002.severity = warning    # Upgrade legacy MS Build project files
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0003.severity = warning    # Define usings explicit
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0004.severity = warning    # Run NuGet security audits automatically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0005.severity = warning    # Define package reference assets as attributes
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0006.severity = none       # Add additional files to improve static code analysis
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0007.severity = warning    # Remove empty nodes
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0008.severity = warning    # Remove folder nodes
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0009.severity = warning    # Use the <TargetFramework> node for a single target framework
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0010.severity = warning    # Define the project output type explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0011.severity = warning    # Define properties once
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0012.severity = warning    # Reassign properties with a different value
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0013.severity = warning    # Include package references only once
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0014.severity = warning    # Include project references only once
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0015.severity = warning    # Order package references alphabetically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0016.severity = warning    # Order project references alphabetically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0017.severity = error      # Can't create alias for static using directive
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0018.severity = warning    # Order using directives by type
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0019.severity = warning    # Order using directives alphabetically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0020.severity = warning    # Item group should only contain nodes of a single type
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0021.severity = warning    # Build actions should have a single task
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0022.severity = warning    # Build action includes should exist
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0023.severity = warning    # Use forward slashes in paths
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0024.severity = warning    # Order package versions alphabetically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0025.severity = warning    # Migrate from ruleset file to .editorconfig file
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0026.severity = warning    # Remove IncludeAssets when redundant
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0027.severity = warning    # Override <TargetFrameworks> with <TargetFrameworks>
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0028.severity = warning    # Define conditions on level 1
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0029.severity = warning    # Use C# specific properties only when applicable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0030.severity = warning    # Use VB.NET specific properties only when applicable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0031.severity = warning    # Adopt preferred casing of nodes
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0032.severity = warning    # Migrate away from BinaryFormatter
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0033.severity = warning    # Project reference includes should exist
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0034.severity = warning    # Import statement could not be resolved
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0035.severity = warning    # Remove deprecated RestoreProjectStyle property
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0036.severity = warning    # Remove None when redundant
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0037.severity = warning    # Exclude runtime when all assets are private
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0038.severity = warning    # Fully specify NoWarn rule IDs
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0200.severity = warning    # Define the project packability explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0201.severity = warning    # Define the project version explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0202.severity = warning    # Define the project description explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0203.severity = warning    # Define the project authors explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0204.severity = warning    # Define the project tags explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0205.severity = warning    # Define the project repository URL explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0206.severity = warning    # Define the project URL explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0207.severity = warning    # Define the project copyright explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0208.severity = warning    # Define the project release notes explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0209.severity = warning    # Define the project readme file explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0210.severity = warning    # Define the project license expression explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0211.severity = warning    # Avoid using deprecated license definition
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0212.severity = warning    # Define the project icon file explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0213.severity = warning    # Define the project icon URL explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0214.severity = suggestion # Define the NuGet project ID explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0215.severity = warning    # Provide a compliant NuGet package icon
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0216.severity = warning    # Define the project name explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0217.severity = warning    # Define requiring license acceptance explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0240.severity = warning    # Enable package validation
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0241.severity = warning    # Enable package baseline validation
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0242.severity = warning    # Generate NuGet packages conditionally
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0243.severity = warning    # Generate software bill of materials
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0244.severity = warning    # Generate documentation file
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0245.severity = warning    # Don't mix Version and VersionPrefix/VersionSuffix
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0246.severity = warning    # Define VersionPrefix if VersionSuffix is defined
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0247.severity = warning    # Enable strict mode for package baseline validation
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0248.severity = warning    # Enable strict mode for package runtime compatibility validation
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0249.severity = warning    # Enable strict mode for package framework compatibility validation
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0250.severity = warning    # Generate API compatibility suppression file
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0251.severity = warning    # Enable API compatibility attribute checks
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0252.severity = warning    # Enable API compatibility parameter name checks
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0400.severity = warning    # Define the project publishability explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0450.severity = warning    # Test projects should not be packable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0451.severity = warning    # Test projects should not be publishable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0452.severity = warning    # Test projects require Microsoft.NET.Test.Sdk
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0453.severity = warning    # Using Microsoft.NET.Test.Sdk implies a test project
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0500.severity = warning    # Only include packages with an explicitly defined license
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0501.severity = warning    # Package only contains a deprecated license URL
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0502.severity = warning    # Only include packages compliant with project
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0503.severity = warning    # Package license is unknown
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0504.severity = warning    # Package license has changed
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0505.severity = error      # Third-party license registry requires include
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0506.severity = error      # Third-party license registry requires hash
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0507.severity = error      # Third-party license registry must be unconditional
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0600.severity = warning    # Avoid generating packages on build if not packable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0700.severity = warning    # Avoid defining <Compile> items in SDK project
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0800.severity = warning    # Configure Central Package Management explicitly
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0801.severity = warning    # Include 'Directory.Packages.props'
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0802.severity = warning    # Enable Central Package Management centrally
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0803.severity = warning    # Use VersionOverride only with Central Package Management enabled
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0804.severity = warning    # Use Version only with Central Package Management not enabled
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0805.severity = warning    # Define version for PackageReference
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0806.severity = warning    # VersionOverride should change the version
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0807.severity = warning    # Only use Directory.Packages.props for Central Package Management
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0808.severity = warning    # Define global package reference only in Directory.Packages.props
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0809.severity = warning    # Global package references are meant for private assets only
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj0810.severity = warning    # Remove unused package versions
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1000.severity = none       # Use the .NET project file analyzers
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1001.severity = warning    # Use analyzers for packages
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1002.severity = warning    # Use Microsoft's .NET analyzers
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1003.severity = warning    # Use Sonar analyzers for packages
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1100.severity = none       # Avoid using Moq
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1101.severity = warning    # Package references should have stable versions
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1102.severity = warning    # Use Coverlet Collector or MSBuild
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1103.severity = warning    # TUnit test projects must be executable
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1104.severity = warning    # TUnit conflicts with Microsoft.NET.Test.Sdk
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1200.severity = warning    # Exclude private assets as project file dependency
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1700.severity = warning    # Indent XML files
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1701.severity = warning    # Use <![CDATA[ for large texts
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj1702.severity = warning    # Omit XML declarations
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2000.severity = error      # Embed valid resource files
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2001.severity = warning    # Define data in a resource file
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2002.severity = warning    # Sort resource file values alphabetically
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2003.severity = warning    # Add invariant fallback resources
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2004.severity = warning    # Add invariant fallback values
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2005.severity = warning    # Escape XML nodes of resource values
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj2100.severity = warning    # Indent XML files
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj3000.severity = warning    # Ony use UTF-8 encoding without BOM
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj3001.severity = warning    # Track uses of "TODO" tags
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj3002.severity = warning    # Remove commented-out code
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4000.severity = none       # Invalid INI file
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4001.severity = none       # Invalid INI Header
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4002.severity = none       # Invalid INI key-value pair
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4010.severity = none       # Sections should contain at least one key-value pair
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4050.severity = none       # Header must be a GLOB
dotnet_diagnostic.Proj4051.severity = none       # Use equals sign for key-value assignments
